Pioneers' Meeting Minutes

-------- Sprint 1 --------

Meeting #1:
- Time & Date: 6:30 - 7:45 PM > September 18, 2025
- Location: H-907
- Attendees: Alek, Othmane

- Discussion: Team discussed with TA about the number of teammates. We decided the work will have to be done by 4 people who responded to the email. The teacher would be notified by the TA and mentioned that they will take into account our team size for the coming sprints. We also assigned work to do for sprint 1.

Meeting #2:
- Time & Date: 6:30 - 7:50 PM > September 25, 2025
- Location: H-907
- Attendees: Alek, Othmane, Renato, Klisea

- Discussion: We each assigned the user stories for sprint 2, deciding to focus on the administrator role for the coming sprint. We also lightly discussed the language we were going to use for the project. Some ideas were thrown, such as PHP, HTML, JavaScript, Node.Js, Bootstrap, etc. We planned the next meeting to be on October 1st, 2025, where we would review each other's currently assigned work.

-------- Sprint 2 --------

Meeting #X:
- Time & Date:
- Location:
- Attendees:

- Discussion:
